data/aboutme/aboutme-info.mdx, before:

---
title: About Me
description: "A template for an about me page."
---

## 🙋‍♂️ Introduction

Hello! I'm Alvin, a software development enthusiast with a knack for untangling complex problems and crafting efficient solutions. My arsenal includes Python, Go, Java, and Frontend technologies, and I'm always on the lookout for new challenges to hone my skills.

## 🎓 My Academic Journey

My journey began at Singapore Management University, diving into Information Systems and emerging with a programming degree. The thirst for computing knowledge led me to Georgia Tech, where I'm currently pursuing an Online Master of Science in Computer Science (OMSCS).

Modules I've explored at Georgia Tech include:

- 🧩 CS-6291 - Optimization of Embedded Systems
- 🤖 CS-7646 - Machine Learning for Trading

## 🔧 Tech Toolkit

I'm proficient in a variety of programming languages and tools:

- 🐍 Python (FastAPI, Flask, Django)
- 🦦 Go (Fiber, Standard Library)
- ☕ Java (Spring Boot)
- 🟡 JavaScript (React, Next.js)
- 🐳 Docker (Dockerfile, Compose)
- 🗄️ SQL (PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL)
- 🍃 NoSQL (MongoDB)
- 🚀 Cache (Redis)
- 🔄 CI/CD (Jenkins)
- 📬 Message Queue (Kafka)
- 🎛️ Orchestrator (Dagster, PowerJob, XxlJob)

## 🎯 Projects

Throughout my career, I've had the opportunity to work on a diverse range of projects, from small personal endeavors to large-scale professional applications. Here are a few highlights:

- **Project 1**: A brief description of the project, the technologies used, and the problems it solved. You can also mention your role and contributions if it was a team project. [Link to the project if available]
- **Project 2**: A brief description of the project, the technologies used, and the problems it solved. You can also mention your role and contributions if it was a team project. [Link to the project if available]

Feel free to reach out to [me](mailto:alvin4292@gmail.com) if you'd like to collaborate or learn more about my work!

Commit message:

feat(aboutme): uploaded to cloudinary for ai generated image projects and updated aboutme mdx

data/aboutme/aboutme-info.mdx, after:

---
title: About Me
description: "A template for an about me page."
---

## 🙋‍♂️ Introduction

Hello! I'm Alvin, a software development enthusiast with a knack for untangling complex problems and crafting efficient solutions. My arsenal includes Python, Go, Java, and Frontend technologies, and I'm always on the lookout for new challenges to hone my skills.

## 🔧 Tech Toolkit

I'm proficient in a variety of programming languages and tools:

- 🐍 Python (FastAPI, Flask, Django)
- 🦦 Go (Fiber, Standard Library)
- ☕ Java (Spring Boot)
- 🟡 JavaScript (React, Next.js)
- 🐳 Docker (Dockerfile, Compose)
- 🗄️ SQL (PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL)
- 🍃 NoSQL (MongoDB)
- 🚀 Cache (Redis)
- 🔄 CI/CD (Jenkins)
- 📬 Message Queue (Kafka)
- 🎛️ Orchestrator (Dagster, PowerJob, XxlJob)

## 💼 Professional Experience

I've been fortunate to work in a variety of roles throughout my career. Here are some of the positions I've held and the responsibilities I've had:

**Senior Software Engineer at Univers (2020 - Present)**:  
Together, our team developed an AIoT platform, reducing energy costs by 30% for B2B clients. We built a carbon credit portal and a fault detection system, set up ETL pipelines with Kafka, and introduced scheduling tools. We also boosted the data query speed tenfold in our centralized data repository, automated tests, and fostered a culture of technical mentorship.

**Technical Consultant at IBM (2018 - 2020)**:  
As part of a dynamic team, we developed a blockchain platform for an automobile company, reducing manpower cost by 20%. Together, we created a smart dashboard for vehicle metrics, backend microservices for blockchain transactions, and an automation solution for a healthcare provider, achieving less than 1% exception cases post-launch.

## 🎓 Academic Journey

I began my academic journey at Singapore Management University, earning a degree in Information Systems. My passion for computing then led me to Georgia Tech, where I'm currently pursuing an Online Master of Science in Computer Science (OMSCS).

**MSc in Computer Science, GaTech (2023 - Present)**:

- 🧩 **CS-6291** - Optimization of Embedded Systems
- 🤖 **CS-7646** - Machine Learning for Trading

**BSc in Information Systems, SMU (2014 - 2018)**:

- 🔒 Major in Information Security and Assurance

## 📧 Contact

Feel free to reach out to [me](mailto:alvin4292@gmail.com) if you'd like to collaborate or learn more about my work!
