README.md, before:

# My Portfolio Site 🚀
This is my portfolio site built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com), [Contentlayer](https://www.contentlayer.dev/), and has been deploy on [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

It is currently a simple portfolio site with a project showcase and a blog posts showcase. I plan on making it a complete blogfolio in the future but the blog part is WIP as of now.

## Install and Run
```
npm install

npm run dev
```

## Screenshots
**Home Page**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039448-8a79e500-0819-4e99-a653-471174661606.png)

---

**Command Bar**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039508-16ffbcc3-ab92-4e9c-a1e1-ea6e0cd50686.png)

---

**All Projects**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039453-af995e3d-1b27-4246-b4c1-99acec3c5e7f.png)

---

**A single project**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039474-12354f77-1c82-4d72-ab03-e26e6df9d276.png)

---

**All blog posts**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039459-28acc7c3-cab4-4c31-8fc8-dc7febd6f707.png)

---

**Guestbook**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63192115/172039464-c008cb2f-4f13-44cd-b06e-71eb479ea5a5.png)


## Contributing
Found some issue with the website? Please open a issue or a pull request!

Commit message:

feat(aboutme): uploaded to cloudinary for ai generated image projects and updated aboutme mdx

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio Site 🚀
This is my portfolio site built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com), [Contentlayer](https://www.contentlayer.dev/), and has been deploy on [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

It is currently a simple portfolio site with a project showcase and a blog posts showcase. I plan on making it a complete blogfolio in the future but the blog part is WIP as of now.

## Install and Run
```
npm install

npm run dev
```

## Environment File
Create a .env file with the following variables set to change to your portfolio information

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_NAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_TITLE=
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_DESCRIPTION=
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_INTRODUCTION="
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_URL_SITE_NAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_PORTFOLIO_EMAIL=

NEXT_PUBLIC_LINKEDIN_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_GITHUB_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_LEETCODE_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_HASHNODE_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_YOUTUBE_URL=

NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_SCRIPT_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_WEBSITE_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_HASHNODE_USERNAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_HASHNODE_USERNAME_BLOG=

NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_IMAGE_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_IMAGE_ALT=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_FIRST_NAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_LAST_NAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_USERNAME=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEO_GENDER=
NEXT_PUBLIC_TWITTER_HANDLE=
NEXT_PUBLIC_TWITTER_SITE=
```

## Contributing
Found some issue with the website? Please open a issue or a pull request!
